added section about metrics (#31)
dwp/dataworks-sft-agent: README.md

* agent-config.yml
* agent-application-config.yml

#### Metrics
This image is started along with [JMX prometheus exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter)

> By default the JMX exporter is runnig on port 9996 and will be acessible at http://localhost:9996/metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the JMX exporter is running on port 9996 and will be accessible at http://localhost:9996/metrics
```
